



































an interface can be found for things

a thing is data. let's dream for a minute and say that, somehow a person is not a part of data.
in effect, there exist "writers" of data, and "readers" but which are excluded from processing.

Dream #1: a person is not data

we cannot speak in terms of fantasy worlds here because fantasies involve specific data
and limited transformations. it also involves, usually, secret transformations, and
secret data. the world is then a mystery. 

an interface would be the channeler. As an example a data hidden from a person would need to
be revealed in the form of an interface. We can say that a person can only see what the interface
provides them. 

if a person is not data, which I do not believe, then that would mean there are limitations as
to where the fantasy can do.

Dream #2: a person is data, but read only

similarly, limitations, but we can now dream, because we can read limitlessly. if we could
clone people however, this would be a bit problematic. because we cannot write people, this 
would seem to imply all fantasies are predetermined by the people who dream them. however we know
people are written to.

Dream #3: a person is data, but write only

this would seem to be closer to reality in some ways. nothing exists until you make it, but then
you do not know what people are, UNLESS you write to them. Then you know they are a certain way, at
least until they are written again. This is an interesting idea. state of a person is a mystery outside of the 
person who is writing it. 

Dream #4: a write-only person is the world

everything is such that you can not read it at all, but can write to it. this would suggest I think
that you are "dead". Although you know everything you write, and can imagine freely that the world
is as you say it is, you do not know what the world ever is. 

Dream #5: a write-only person is the world, but an interface exists for it

the interface can read to it, but you do get to write directly. the universe is exactly as you say it is, 
but its state is as the interface says it is. This would seem closer to reality, except that the interface
must now be considered. is it read-write at all, or a complete part of one's beings, like having indestructible
eyes. This gets us into the question of a complex ecosystem of interfaces that might be closer to reality. 

Dream #6: reading without an interface

like dream #2, this is dreaming. we are seeing everything as though it were being presented by something else.

Dream #7: writing to people, reading from an interface to different people

religion. spirituality.

Dream #8: writing to people, reading from an interface to the same person

science. 

Dream #9: people write to interfaces they use to read, interfaces are read-write

technology, and more. society. the interfaces are very robust, and yet also limiting. In society's cases, there
is a graph-like tapestry of interfaces with some hierarchical shape. 

Dream #10: interfaces to a person is freely read-write

Dream #11: there are only interfaces to other people

this would seem to be closer to reality. being yourself is in the reading and writing to interfaces

Dream #12: worlds with different interfaces... fantasies that can actually be explored

the realm of all person design and creativity emerges. 





























1.
somethings -> timer() -> release something

2.
take a sample of some image -> google image related search for similar samples like it'

3.
ctags but it runs on save.

4. 























